Liangkun you bastard
You actually have a relationship with the Zhao family
It's really thrown into my red star's face
So what?
Everything I do is for Red Star
Am I wrong to want Red Star to make more money?
And clear
You have no heart
Do you want to replace Yinglan as the eldest sister of Red Star?
Ah, it's just me, Ah Kun, who made this happen.
Ah Kun, what nonsense are you talking about?
You thought we would be like you
Betray big sister?
Brothers, think about it
Red Star
It's our brother and big brother step by step
walked out
Why is this little girl
You can directly come and take the seat of the eldest sister.
Why are you presumptuous, Ah Kun?
The ability of the eldest sister is obvious to all
Besides, he is the only daughter of the eldest brother.
He deserves to be the successor to Red Star
How many years has the Qing Dynasty been dead?
Also play the Dead City Maple Leaf set with me
On Means Theory Ability
What's better than me?
You and I will do the position of the top leader of the Red Army, Ah Kun
Ah Kun, look back
Below are all the brothers of Red Star
For the sake of brothers
We'll plead for you, don't give me this set
What's there to escape?
Accuse you of following him like this?
Liang Kun
I'm giving you one more chance to release my daughter
I can let go of the past
I can't let you out of this door
Mom and Dad hahahahaha
Sister, you know
What bothers me the most is when people threaten me
Do you want to see this little blind man die?